Edward Fulton Additional Questions:

1: Agile - My immediate thought is from soccer. The best players I played with always were agile. They were not only fast, 
          but adaptable, quick thinking, creative, and thrived in stable or unstable situations. Applying this to development,
          I'd say Agility is a fantastic word to describe high quality code. A top of the line application / product / feature 
          doesn't just do specifically what you designed it to do today. It is build with flexibility, with opportunity for
          further improvements, and with the user experience in mind. 
          
2: DevOps - Exactly what is in the name! I've been working in a DevOps culture since joining the UW-Graduate School development 
            team in 2017. It is the coalescence of development and operations in a way that allows changes / improvements in 
            applications to be much more ~agile~! I particularly like this style of development because I really enjoy interacting
            with users and getting their feedback directly. My boss at the Graduate School did a really good job showing me how much 
            there is to running an application even after it is developed. Would love to talk about this further!
            
3: C++ - First thought? Middle of the road. Sort of a programming language in no-man's land. If you consider it a high level
         language like Java, Python, or C#, it is the one with the best performance because, like C, it can directly access memory and
         hardware. But with great power comes great responsibility. C++'s libraries have improved (which is why it is getting more popular)
         but they are still no where near as helpful as Java's, Python's (God Python is so nice), or even C# even though the microsoft
         can be frusturating. The lack of garbage collector also can be a hassle. If one is equipped to get down in the details and take
         a slightly longer learning curve, it is well worth the effort to become proficient at.
         
4: Internship - A one month free trial! Internships are great opportunities for both the employer and employee. Interns get the opportunity
                to learn in a real work / corporate environment, network and meet extremely interesting and knowlegable people in their field,
                and make significantly mroe money than just working a non-technical summer job. Employers get to meet new talent, try out possible
                good fits for their teams, and possibly get a chance at some high quality performers and teammates at the same time (for a relative
                monetary bargain). In my case, you'll also get a bright personality and a positive presence in your work environment!
                
5: Pet Peeves - Purposeful lack of communication (when people working on the same project refuse to collborate and just want to get "their piece" done
                without thinking of the bigger picture), and  incopatibility or non-intuitive compatibility with two extremely useful products
                (e.g. Oracle Entity Framework and Dynamic queries in Oracle SQL developer I particularly hate because they are both
                SO NICE why dont they work together???? Other than that I view programming frustrations as merely fun challenges to solve
                which is why I think I decided to pursue Engineering and Computer Science.
                
6: Influencers - Stephanie-Scherer Johnson, my boss at OVCGRE has been a fantastic influence. As I touched on before, ,ecause of her I understand 
                development in such a broader and more compelte sphere than just coding. I now understsnd the process of development, code reviews
                Stage vs Beta vs Production, and little things that I dont even think about now like having different databases for different stages 
                of development. She also taught me the people side of development; the hosting of meetings having to do with bugs, feature requests, 
                and issues from professors and coordinators (our users). She has helped me grow as a developer both technically and has made me a more 
                well rounded worker.
                
7: Why me - As far as students are concerned, I have a ton of experience in real-world software development. I already have the understanding of team coding, and 
            using things like Jira, github, and multiple platforms and coding environemts for one application (for almost 2 years now). I have the technical skills and the relational skills
            to be an extremely valuable intern for you. In additon, I am easy to get along with, likeable, and genreally contribute to a more enjoyable work environment
            (without being distracting of course). In my mind the later qualities can be just as important. Finally, if this helps, due to personal reasons, I plan to stay 
            in Madison this summer regardless of my standing with this internship, so I am almost definitely going to accept if I get it,
            
            
            Again, thank you so much for your time! I apologize this application is so close to the dealine but I really hope we can make this opportunity work!
            
            
            -Edward Fulton




